Add Pre-Ingestion filtering capability based on Kafka Headers (#18525)
druid-io/druid: docs/ingestion/kafka-ingestion.md

|`consumerProperties`|String, Object|A map of properties to pass to the Kafka consumer. See [Consumer properties](#consumer-properties) for details.|Yes. At the minimum, you must set the `bootstrap.servers` property to establish the initial connection to the Kafka cluster.||
|`pollTimeout`|Long|The length of time to wait for the Kafka consumer to poll records, in milliseconds.|No|100|
|`useEarliestOffset`|Boolean|If a supervisor is managing a datasource for the first time, it obtains a set of starting offsets from Kafka. This flag determines whether the supervisor retrieves the earliest or latest offsets in Kafka. Under normal circumstances, subsequent tasks start from where the previous segments ended so this flag is only used on the first run.|No|`false`|

> |`headerBasedInclusionConfig`|Object|Configuration for including Kafka records based on their headers before ingestion. See [Header-based inclusion filtering](#header-based-inclusion-filtering) for more details.|No|null|

Author: Changed it to `headerBasedFilterConfig`

```
</details>

#### Header-based filtering

Header-based filtering allows you to filter Kafka records based on their headers before ingestion, reducing the amount of data processed and improving ingestion performance. This is particularly useful when you want to ingest only a subset of records from a Kafka topic based on header values.

The following table outlines the configuration options for `headerBasedFilterConfig`:

|Property|Type|Description|Required|Default|
|--------|----|-----------|--------|-------|

> |`filter`|Object|A Druid filter specification that defines which records to include based on header values. Only `in` filters are supported.|Yes||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`filter`|Object|A Druid filter specification that defines which records to include if the evaluation result of this filter is true based on header values. Only `in` filter is supported.|Yes||
```

The following example shows how to configure header-based filtering to ingest only records where the `environment` header has the value `production` or `staging`:

<details>
  <summary>Click to view the example</summary>

```json
{
  "type": "kafka",
  "spec": {
    "dataSchema": {
      "dataSource": "metrics-kafka",
      "timestampSpec": {
        "column": "timestamp",
        "format": "auto"
      },
      "dimensionsSpec": {
        "dimensions": [],
        "dimensionExclusions": [
          "timestamp",
          "value"
        ]
      },
      "metricsSpec": [
        {
          "name": "count",
          "type": "count"
        },
        {
          "name": "value_sum",
          "fieldName": "value",
          "type": "doubleSum"
        }
      ],
      "granularitySpec": {
        "type": "uniform",
        "segmentGranularity": "HOUR",
        "queryGranularity": "NONE"
      }
    },
    "ioConfig": {
      "topic": "metrics",
      "inputFormat": {
        "type": "json"
      },
      "consumerProperties": {
        "bootstrap.servers": "localhost:9092"
      },
      "headerBasedFilterConfig": {
        "filter": {
          "type": "in",

>           "dimension": "environment",

Author: The `filter` in `headerBasedFilterConfig` is of type `DimFilter` (org.apache.druid.query.filter).
This is similar to what we have in transformSpec. I agree that dimension might be confusing but I wanted to avoid creation of another Filter Class and re-use the existing Filter.

Do you think we should create a new Filter class ?
imo, re-using it will be a good enough trade-off.

          "values": ["production", "staging"]
        },
        "encoding": "UTF-8",
        "stringDecodingCacheSize": 10000
      },
      "taskCount": 1,
      "replicas": 1,
      "taskDuration": "PT1H"
    },
    "tuningConfig": {
      "type": "kafka",
      "maxRowsPerSegment": 5000000
    }
  }
}
```
</details>

In this example:

> - Only records with `environment` header values of `production` or `staging` will be ingested

Reviewer: based on the implementation below, the description here is not incomplete.
- records that do not have the environment here are also included
- records that have environment header but the header value is null are included
- records that have environment header and value, but fail to decode value, are also included

But from the `filter` itself semantic, I think these 3 are contradiction. My understanding is that only records that have environment header and has either production or staging value will be included.

correct me if I'm wrong.

Reviewer: one more we need to state in the document is that if there's multiple values of a header, the last header is used(based on current implementation)

Author: I have improved the documentation to clearly outlined the permissive behavior of header based filtering and role of `dimension` field w.r.t. header.
